>> Steve Kinney: Is another
place that we can use reselect.
Any time a new list gets created,
we don't need to fetch all the users
again, they haven't changed.
So we can implement pretty much
the same pattern, which is,
hey, if the state.users hasn't changed,
cuz anything that happens in
the list.Reducer and the card.Reducer
isn't even touching the user.Reducer.
We can use reselect to like,
hey, get me all those user.ids.
If that hasn't changed,
give me back that same array,
which will not actually call any of this,
which is super cool.
There are some testing notes
that you need to remember.
This comes from real world experience,
we got very happy to use
reselect all over the place.
But, it's kind of like a running theme,
which is,
if in any of these functions you
are creating a new array, so
if we did object.values inside
of one of the checks to see,
well, that's gonna be a new array, and
you will always opt out of the caching.
So we actually, occasionally we
do six sprints in a row, and
then we have,
innovation sprint, or whatever.
And one of our engineers two weeks ago,
basically audited the application and
found out all the places where we just,
a lot of times it was like no
individual person's fault.
I have this thing, I'll move this code
over here, I'll use the selector,
and we had a few where we
were generating new arrays in
the ones that would use
these kinda checks.
And so, we were always regenerating, so
basically the selector was a no opt.
And, one thing about a lot of these
performance improvements is that,
if you do them wrong,
a lot of times they're worse.
If you throw should component update
in every single react component, well,
calling should phone update
costs you stuff, right?
And so, a create selector and
a selector check that isn't
working is worse than not
having a create selector.
One of the ones that
we'll kind of look at is,
what happens if you have
to pass something in?
Well, the act of passing something
in would basically go ahead and
make sure that you would have
a new result every time.
If we had to pass in the cardId, well,
that's gonna be different for
every single card.
And so, you're not gonna actually,
your selector will work great,
it will just never be called twice.
And so, this is really good for seeing
if the result of a function is the same,
but you kinda have to
combine some strategies.
So, selectors are effectively using
memoization, lodash also has a memoize
function, which is, hey, if it's the same
cardId, Give us back the same selector.
So this now gives you a memoization on
the given cardId to give an argument,
and then a selector for all of the list.
So now, both would effectively
have to change before you.
So if it's the same cardId and
the same list,
you'll actually get back the same
selector that you had the first time.
Same cardId,
you'll get back the same selector,
that same selector will check to
see if there's multiple lists,
any changes to the list, you'll
basically have multiple checks in here.
But I do wanna give a word of advice,
like I said, poorly implemented
performance improvements can
sometimes be worse for performance.
So I would always argue,
open up your Chrome DevTools,
this application isn't big enough to
get to the point where we have truly
horrendous performance anywhere.
It is death by 1000 cuts, but
also trying to put band aids
when you don't have a wound
is also problematic as well.
So just try to make sure that you're being
very careful, that you're measuring and
seeing what the problems are first, or
at least you're measuring before and
after, like in science, right?
Take the control, do the experiment,
look at the result, and see that
you've actually improved anything.
We have courses on performance,
you can definitely check those out, and
there's more about that, but
this is a tool for stopping needlessly
doing more expensive tasks, but
it should be used incredibly wisely.
All right, so next what we're
gonna end up talking about is,
how do we deal with async?
All of this has happened internally.
So we're gonna need to think
about that a little bit.